:memo: Updated documentation for role-based authorization config (#947)
it-at-m/refarch: docs/cross-cutting-concepts/security.md

identity providers. Because of that this feature is coupled to using Keycloak or some other supporting identity provider.
:::

This custom implementation (`KeycloakPermissionsAuthoritiesConverter.java`) uses permissions for authorization and retrieves them
from the OpenID token endpoint via the UMA protocol and grant-type `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:uma-ticket`.
The resolved permissions are cached (default 1 minute, can be configured via `refarch.security.permissions-cache-lifetime` property).

See [according Keycloak documentation](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/authorization_services/index.html#_service_obtaining_permissions) for more information.

::: info
The templates use role-based authorization by default. Thus, permission-based authorization must be explicitly enabled via the `keycloak-permissions` Spring profile.

> The Spring resource server related properties mentioned above are unused in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Spring resource server related properties mentioned above are not used for authority resolution in this case.
```
